NAS-101927: Update "Exclude" description in Periodic Snapshot Tasks (#1251)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/tasks.rst

   |                    |                            |                                                                                                              |
   +--------------------+----------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
   | Exclude            | string                     | Exclude specific child datasets from the snapshot. Use with :guilabel:`Recursive` snapshots. List paths to   |
   |                    |                            | any child datasets to exclude. Separate multiple entries with a comma (:literal:`,`).                        |

>    |                    |                            | Example: :samp:`pool1/dataset1/child1`. A recursive snapshot of :file:`pool1/dataset1` will include all      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   |                    |                            | Example: :samp:`pool1/dataset1/child1`. A recursive snapshot of :file:`pool1/dataset1` includes all          |
```
